✨ Add the mispell feature at the letter level (#16)
metz-theolab/stemmabench: docs/variants.md

Possible variants are:

### At the letter level
This section is used to customize the probability of a letter being modified according to a custom rate given by the user in the **specific_rates** field.

- **rate**: Represents the total probability of a letter being modified.
> [!WARNING]
> Rate include values of **specific_rates**. If the sum of the **specific_rates** is greater than **rate** an error will be raised.

> - **specific_rates**: Represents the probability of a letter being substituted with another letter. If letter is not in **specific_rates** the probality of that letter be substituted is equal to : (**rate**-sum(**specific_rates**))/(lenght(alphabet)-lenght(**specific_rates**)).

Author: ```suggestion
- **specific_rates**: Represents the probability of a letter being substituted with another letter. If letter is not in **specific_rates** the probability of that letter be substituted is equal to : (**rate**-sum(**specific_rates**))/(lenght(alphabet)-lenght(**specific_rates**)).
```

### Exemple of specific_rates

> Let a alphabet with 4 letters: a, b, c, d. We define the following YAML file:

Author: Je suis pas sûre que cette phrase représente la réalité.
Car l'alphabet quand la langue est fixée à "en" est l'alphabet latin, ce n'est pas modifiable (et pour le grec ça sera l'alphabet grec, etc).

```yaml
meta:
  language: en

variants:
  letters:
    mispell:
      law: Bernouilli
      rate: 0.05
      args:
        specific_rates:
          a:
            b: 0.01
            c: 0.02
          b:
            a: 0.01
          c:
            a: 0.02
  words:
    synonym:
      law: Bernouilli
      rate: 0.1
    omit:
      law: Bernouilli
      rate: 0.05
  sentences:
    duplicate:
      args:
        nbr_words: 2
      law: Bernouilli
      rate: 0.1

stemma:
  depth: 2
  width:
    law: Uniform
    min: 2
    max: 4
  missing_manuscripts:
    law: Bernouilli
    rate: 0.5
```

This configuration generates the following matrix of probabilities for misspelling letters:
```yaml
a:
  a: 0.95
  b: 0.01
  c: 0.02
  d: 0.02
b:
  a: 0.01
  b: 0.95
  c: 0.02
  d: 0.02
c:
  a: 0.02
  b: 0.015
  c: 0.95
  d: 0.015
d:
  a: 0.016
  b: 0.016
  c: 0.016
  d: 0.95
```

### At the letter level

> - **Mispell**: The probability of a letter being substituded is decided according to a Bernouilli distribution with the probability **rate**. The substitution is done by drawing a random letter according the probability matrix define above.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Mispell**: The probability of a letter being substituted is decided according to a Bernouilli distribution with the probability **rate**. The substitution is done by drawing a random letter according to the probability matrix defined above.
```
